[Autogenerated] All right, let's continue now.
We just got done over viewing state ful versus stateless
architectures and some of the key differences.
Now let's talk about a W s Lambda.
Now Lambda is a compute service that runs code
without us having to manage servers.
It allows us to focus strictly on the code execution
itself and only have to worry about a few different
configuration items in the background.
Now what happens is is it's on demand.
So as invocations come in, they're handled on demand by Lambda itself.
And the scaling is automatic as well.
The beauty of this is that you only pay for what you actually
use and what's awesome here is you get one million free
invocations per month for Lambda.
So this can be an extremely cheap option for compute if you can isolate
and separate your workloads into individual functions.
And that's not always possible,
because the complexity involved can be a bit much for what's actually needed.
Now the code that we implement is actually ran on highly available
infrastructure handled by a W S in the background.
So we don't have to worry about spinning this up in
two different availability zones.
A W S is handling all of that for us,
and that includes both the functioning of the code.
So the computer itself,
as well as the code storage and the last tidbit here is that
we execute code based on incoming events.
So those on demand events that we can schedule or set up a trigger for
so that our code can execute and perform an action.
So now that we have an overview of Lambda or maybe a review for some of you,
let's look at the demos that we're going to take part in.
We're going to create in trigger a Lambda function,
and we'll do that via Consul just so you can get a visual ization.
And then we're going to look at manipulating data in a stateless architecture.
So we'll use these Lambda functions,
which are inherently stateless and will manipulate some data
in dynamodb so we can show how we can track state in the
back end within our databases.
So let's go ahead and break here and in the next clip will go ahead and dive into using Lambda for our stateless architectures.